js/README.md, before:

# @singlestore/http-client-js

SingleStoreClient - JavaScript client for @singlestore/http-client-js
No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 0.0.1
- Package version: 0.0.1
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install @singlestore/http-client-js --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your @singlestore/http-client-js from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var SingleStoreClient = require('@singlestore/http-client-js');

var defaultClient = SingleStoreClient.ApiClient.instance;
// Configure HTTP basic authorization: BasicAuth
var BasicAuth = defaultClient.authentications['BasicAuth'];
BasicAuth.username = 'YOUR USERNAME'
BasicAuth.password = 'YOUR PASSWORD'

var api = new SingleStoreClient.DefaultApi()
var opts = {
  'execInput': new SingleStoreClient.ExecInput() // {ExecInput} The request should include a JSON payload in the HTTP POST body. The payload must match the following specification precisely, invalid payloads will raise a validation error describing the issue.
};
api.exec(opts).then(function(data) {
  console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
}, function(error) {
  console.error(error);
});


```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*SingleStoreClient.DefaultApi* | [**exec**](docs/DefaultApi.md#exec) | **POST** /api/v1/exec | Exec
*SingleStoreClient.DefaultApi* | [**ping**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ping) | **GET** /ping | Ping
*SingleStoreClient.DefaultApi* | [**rows**](docs/DefaultApi.md#rows) | **POST** /api/v1/query/rows | Query
*SingleStoreClient.DefaultApi* | [**spec**](docs/DefaultApi.md#spec) | **GET** /api/v1/spec | Spec
*SingleStoreClient.DefaultApi* | [**tuples**](docs/DefaultApi.md#tuples) | **POST** /api/v1/query/tuples | Query


## Documentation for Models

 - [SingleStoreClient.Column](docs/Column.md)
 - [SingleStoreClient.ExecInput](docs/ExecInput.md)
 - [SingleStoreClient.ExecOutput](docs/ExecOutput.md)
 - [SingleStoreClient.QueryInput](docs/QueryInput.md)
 - [SingleStoreClient.QueryInputArg](docs/QueryInputArg.md)
 - [SingleStoreClient.QueryOutput](docs/QueryOutput.md)
 - [SingleStoreClient.QueryOutputError](docs/QueryOutputError.md)
 - [SingleStoreClient.ResultSet](docs/ResultSet.md)
 - [SingleStoreClient.RowValue](docs/RowValue.md)
 - [SingleStoreClient.StreamOutput](docs/StreamOutput.md)
 - [SingleStoreClient.StreamResult](docs/StreamResult.md)


## Documentation for Authorization



### BasicAuth

- **Type**: HTTP basic authentication

Commit message:

Regenerated clients for newest spec changes:
- Set version to 1.0.0
- Added description to READMEs
- Fixed a bug where the inputs weren't accepting JSON objects
- Added JSON examples

js/README.md, after:

# @singlestore/http-client-js

SingleStoreClient - JavaScript client for @singlestore/http-client-js
This API allows you to execute SQL statements against a SingleStore database.  It supports all statements that can be run in a direct database connection, and uses conventional data type conversion.
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install @singlestore/http-client-js --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your @singlestore/http-client-js from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var SingleStoreClient = require('@singlestore/http-client-js');

var defaultClient = SingleStoreClient.ApiClient.instance;
// Configure HTTP basic authorization: BasicAuth
var BasicAuth = defaultClient.authentications['BasicAuth'];
BasicAuth.username = 'YOUR USERNAME'
BasicAuth.password = 'YOUR PASSWORD'

var api = new SingleStoreClient.DefaultApi()
var opts = {
  'execInput': new SingleStoreClient.ExecInput() // {ExecInput} The request should include a JSON payload in the HTTP POST body. The payload must match the following specification precisely, invalid payloads will raise a validation error describing the issue.
};
api.exec(opts).then(function(data) {
  console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
}, function(error) {
  console.error(error);
});


```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*SingleStoreClient.DefaultApi* | [**exec**](docs/DefaultApi.md#exec) | **POST** /api/v1/exec | Exec
*SingleStoreClient.DefaultApi* | [**ping**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ping) | **GET** /ping | Ping
*SingleStoreClient.DefaultApi* | [**rows**](docs/DefaultApi.md#rows) | **POST** /api/v1/query/rows | Query
*SingleStoreClient.DefaultApi* | [**spec**](docs/DefaultApi.md#spec) | **GET** /api/v1/spec | Spec
*SingleStoreClient.DefaultApi* | [**tuples**](docs/DefaultApi.md#tuples) | **POST** /api/v1/query/tuples | Query


## Documentation for Models

 - [SingleStoreClient.Column](docs/Column.md)
 - [SingleStoreClient.ExecInput](docs/ExecInput.md)
 - [SingleStoreClient.ExecOutput](docs/ExecOutput.md)
 - [SingleStoreClient.QueryInput](docs/QueryInput.md)
 - [SingleStoreClient.QueryInputArg](docs/QueryInputArg.md)
 - [SingleStoreClient.QueryOutput](docs/QueryOutput.md)
 - [SingleStoreClient.QueryOutputError](docs/QueryOutputError.md)
 - [SingleStoreClient.ResultSet](docs/ResultSet.md)
 - [SingleStoreClient.RowValue](docs/RowValue.md)
 - [SingleStoreClient.StreamOutput](docs/StreamOutput.md)
 - [SingleStoreClient.StreamResult](docs/StreamResult.md)


## Documentation for Authorization



### BasicAuth

- **Type**: HTTP basic authentication
