README.md, before:

# @singlestore/http-clients

`@singlestore/http-clients` is a collection of client wrappers around [SingleStore's HTTP API](https://docs.singlestore.com/managed-service/en/reference/http-api.html).  A variety of programming languages are supported (see below).  Each client exports a few functions which simplify using SingleStore's HTTP API.

| Client Language | Subdirectory |
|-----------------|--------------|
| JavaScript      | /js          |
| PHP             | /php         |

Most clients have been generated from the OpenAPI3 spec using [openapi-generator](https://github.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator).  To access SingleStore's full OpenAPI3 spec, you can query the following REST endpoint on the SingleStore HTTP Proxy Server running in your environment:

    GET /api/v1/spec

For language-specific information about each client, please consult the README file in that client's respective subdirectory.

## Documentation

Please see the [SingleStore HTTP API Documentation](https://docs.singlestore.com/managed-service/en/reference/http-api.html).

## Contributing

Pull Requests are welcome.

Commit message:

Formalization of public-facing repo.
- Changed LICENSE to Apache 2.

- Switched JS client to openapi-generator's generated version.

- Added details and instructions to README file.

- Added examples directory, with examples for JS and PHP.

- Implemented "generate-client.sh" script, which can be used to re-generate a client directory for any supported.

- Added copy of openapi3.yaml spec.

README.md, after:

# SingleStore HTTP Clients

This repository is a collection of language-specific client wrappers around [SingleStore's HTTP API](https://docs.singlestore.com/managed-service/en/reference/http-api.html).  Supported programming languages are listed below.

| Client Language | Directory    |
|-----------------|--------------|
| JavaScript      | /js          |
| PHP             | /php         |

All clients have been generated from SingleStore's OpenAPI 3.0 spec using [openapi-generator](https://github.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator).  A copy of this spec is included in this repo, and also available by querying the following REST endpoint on a SingleStore HTTP Proxy Server:

    GET /api/v1/spec

## Examples

This repo provides detailed examples for each supported language.  We recommend reading through the comments and code in the example file for your target language before writing your own.

All example files can be found in the `examples` directory.  Additionally, each example file is duplicated in its corresponding language-specific folder, where it has been designed to be executed.  At the top of each example file, you can find information about how to configure and run it.

## Documentation

For more information about the SingleStore's REST API, please reference the [SingleStore HTTP API Documentation](https://docs.singlestore.com/managed-service/en/reference/http-api.html).

Additionally, a set of language-specific API documentation can be found in the `docs` subdirectory for each client.  These docs were generated by openapi-generator.

Finally, each client's directory contains a README file that was also created by the openapi-generator program.  It discusses various aspects of setup and configuration.  While generally helpful, we have found that this README file sometimes contains information that is inconsistent with the generated API itself.  To augment, we recommend that you consult the example files provided in this repo as well.

## Building

For convenience, this repo provides pregenerated clients for all supported languages, each found in its own respective directory.  If you wish, you can re-generate them by using the `generate-client.sh` script.  For more information, run `generate-client.sh --help`.

## Contributing

SingleStore welcomes Pull Requests for this repository.
