php/README.md, before:

# SingleStore

No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)


## Installation & Usage

### Requirements

PHP 7.3 and later.
Should also work with PHP 8.0 but has not been tested.

### Composer

To install the bindings via [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/), add the following to `composer.json`:

```json
{
  "repositories": [
    {
      "type": "vcs",
      "url": "https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git"
    }
  ],
  "require": {
    "GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID": "*@dev"
  }
}
```

Then run `composer install`

### Manual Installation

Download the files and include `autoload.php`:

```php
<?php
require_once('/path/to/SingleStore/vendor/autoload.php');
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```php
<?php
require_once(__DIR__ . '/vendor/autoload.php');



// Configure HTTP basic authorization: BasicAuth
$config = SingleStore\Configuration::getDefaultConfiguration()
              ->setUsername('YOUR_USERNAME')
              ->setPassword('YOUR_PASSWORD');


$apiInstance = new SingleStore\Api\DefaultApi(
    // If you want use custom http client, pass your client which implements `GuzzleHttp\ClientInterface`.
    // This is optional, `GuzzleHttp\Client` will be used as default.
    new GuzzleHttp\Client(),
    $config
);
$exec_input = new \SingleStore\Client\ExecInput(); // \SingleStore\Client\ExecInput | The request should include a JSON payload in the HTTP POST body. The payload must match the following specification precisely, invalid payloads will raise a validation error describing the issue.

try {
    $result = $apiInstance->exec($exec_input);
    print_r($result);
} catch (Exception $e) {
    echo 'Exception when calling DefaultApi->exec: ', $e->getMessage(), PHP_EOL;
}

```

## API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DefaultApi* | [**exec**](docs/Api/DefaultApi.md#exec) | **POST** /api/v1/exec | Exec
*DefaultApi* | [**ping**](docs/Api/DefaultApi.md#ping) | **GET** /ping | Ping
*DefaultApi* | [**rows**](docs/Api/DefaultApi.md#rows) | **POST** /api/v1/query/rows | Query
*DefaultApi* | [**spec**](docs/Api/DefaultApi.md#spec) | **GET** /api/v1/spec | Spec
*DefaultApi* | [**tuples**](docs/Api/DefaultApi.md#tuples) | **POST** /api/v1/query/tuples | Query

## Models

- [Column](docs/Model/Column.md)
- [ExecInput](docs/Model/ExecInput.md)
- [ExecOutput](docs/Model/ExecOutput.md)
- [QueryInput](docs/Model/QueryInput.md)
- [QueryInputArg](docs/Model/QueryInputArg.md)
- [QueryOutput](docs/Model/QueryOutput.md)
- [QueryOutputError](docs/Model/QueryOutputError.md)
- [ResultSet](docs/Model/ResultSet.md)
- [RowValue](docs/Model/RowValue.md)
- [StreamOutput](docs/Model/StreamOutput.md)
- [StreamResult](docs/Model/StreamResult.md)

## Authorization

### BasicAuth

- **Type**: HTTP basic authentication

## Tests

To run the tests, use:

```bash
composer install
vendor/bin/phpunit
```

## Author



## About this package

This PHP package is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: `0.0.1`
- Build package: `org.openapitools.codegen.languages.PhpClientCodegen`

Commit message:

Regenerated clients for newest spec changes:
- Set version to 1.0.0
- Added description to READMEs
- Fixed a bug where the inputs weren't accepting JSON objects
- Added JSON examples

php/README.md, after:

# SingleStore

This API allows you to execute SQL statements against a SingleStore database.  It supports all statements that can be run in a direct database connection, and uses conventional data type conversion.


## Installation & Usage

### Requirements

PHP 7.3 and later.
Should also work with PHP 8.0 but has not been tested.

### Composer

To install the bindings via [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/), add the following to `composer.json`:

```json
{
  "repositories": [
    {
      "type": "vcs",
      "url": "https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git"
    }
  ],
  "require": {
    "GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID": "*@dev"
  }
}
```

Then run `composer install`

### Manual Installation

Download the files and include `autoload.php`:

```php
<?php
require_once('/path/to/SingleStore/vendor/autoload.php');
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```php
<?php
require_once(__DIR__ . '/vendor/autoload.php');



// Configure HTTP basic authorization: BasicAuth
$config = SingleStore\Configuration::getDefaultConfiguration()
              ->setUsername('YOUR_USERNAME')
              ->setPassword('YOUR_PASSWORD');


$apiInstance = new SingleStore\Api\DefaultApi(
    // If you want use custom http client, pass your client which implements `GuzzleHttp\ClientInterface`.
    // This is optional, `GuzzleHttp\Client` will be used as default.
    new GuzzleHttp\Client(),
    $config
);
$exec_input = new \SingleStore\Client\ExecInput(); // \SingleStore\Client\ExecInput | The request should include a JSON payload in the HTTP POST body. The payload must match the following specification precisely, invalid payloads will raise a validation error describing the issue.

try {
    $result = $apiInstance->exec($exec_input);
    print_r($result);
} catch (Exception $e) {
    echo 'Exception when calling DefaultApi->exec: ', $e->getMessage(), PHP_EOL;
}

```

## API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DefaultApi* | [**exec**](docs/Api/DefaultApi.md#exec) | **POST** /api/v1/exec | Exec
*DefaultApi* | [**ping**](docs/Api/DefaultApi.md#ping) | **GET** /ping | Ping
*DefaultApi* | [**rows**](docs/Api/DefaultApi.md#rows) | **POST** /api/v1/query/rows | Query
*DefaultApi* | [**spec**](docs/Api/DefaultApi.md#spec) | **GET** /api/v1/spec | Spec
*DefaultApi* | [**tuples**](docs/Api/DefaultApi.md#tuples) | **POST** /api/v1/query/tuples | Query

## Models

- [Column](docs/Model/Column.md)
- [ExecInput](docs/Model/ExecInput.md)
- [ExecOutput](docs/Model/ExecOutput.md)
- [QueryInput](docs/Model/QueryInput.md)
- [QueryInputArg](docs/Model/QueryInputArg.md)
- [QueryOutput](docs/Model/QueryOutput.md)
- [QueryOutputError](docs/Model/QueryOutputError.md)
- [ResultSet](docs/Model/ResultSet.md)
- [RowValue](docs/Model/RowValue.md)
- [StreamOutput](docs/Model/StreamOutput.md)
- [StreamResult](docs/Model/StreamResult.md)

## Authorization

### BasicAuth

- **Type**: HTTP basic authentication

## Tests

To run the tests, use:

```bash
composer install
vendor/bin/phpunit
```

## Author



## About this package

This PHP package is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: `1.0.0`
- Build package: `org.openapitools.codegen.languages.PhpClientCodegen`
